The fans of this actor are bound to the fans of Huadan
Tamagawa and Miss Tang are Yin Hui
He Xian Xian is a serious CP
Advertisements, interviews, endorsements all stopped
Can fans not be anxious?
These guys have been stuck downstairs for three days
The skeleton of the Down family plummeted
How can it go on like this?
Miss Tang, I don't care
You have to give the Chinese shareholders an explanation.
We have to explain
Explain we have to explain
Hurry up and return Mr. Meng's sun
How is it possible to return it?
What's impossible?
If the country falls again, everyone has to play
Yes, yes, what doesn't work, what doesn't work
What doesn't work?
Most of the Yaoyao kings know that you are just being petty
Why don't you call the fishing boat?
Is he the best actor after all?
Just ask for his help
As long as he comes forward with a certain immortal
This problem is not solved
Make a call
Phone call
But what
It's almost inevitable.
Did Mr. Tang like my surprise for you?
What scumbag
Do you have something to ask me, little man?
i
Tang's Tiger General is still at the top
Five points, six points.
8 points to apologize quickly
Su Yichuan, if I ask for help
Of course you have to say it in person
Miss Tang looks down
I'll look forward to that.
Tell me how you can let go of Tang Shi
OK